Autodesk simulation software part of the
Autodesk solution for digital
prototyping provides a range of
mechanical simulation tools to help
designers engineers and analysts make
decisions earlier in the engineering
design process with these tools you can
predict the real-world performance of
your product helping to save the time
and money required to build multiple
physical prototypes Autodesk simulation
mechanical and Autodesk simulation
multiphysics software includes tools for
static stress and linear dynamic
simulations helping you study stress
strain displacement shear and axial
forces resulting from structural loading
including forces moments pressures
gravity and displacements Autodesk
simulation software also helps you
determine aparts natural frequencies and
mode shapes in order to avoid
frequencies that are disruptive or
harmful to your design in addition it
helps you avoid structural failure by
determining the amount of load that
would cause a structure to buckle
letting you review the predicted
buckling shape so you can then add
supports and stiffeners to your design
Autodesk simulation software includes
support for steady-state and transient
heat transfer simulations helping to
predict changes in a product's
temperature profile in order to reveal
potential failure study linear and
nonlinear thermal effects by considering
conduction convection heat flux heat
generation radiation and thermal contact
support for multi CAD environments and
finite element modeling tools help
manufacturers study initial design
intent and accurately predict product
performance Autodesk simulation software
supports direct data exchange with most
CAD software tools Autodesk mold flow
plastic injection molding simulation
tools and Autodesk vault data management
software Autodesk simulation software
allows you to validate and optimize
designs before manufacturing increasing
efficiency minimizing reliance on
physical prototypes reducing costs and
decreasing errors
you